Fast Pair documentation alignment with the recent changes to sysbuild Kconfig options (#20900)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/external_comp/bt_fast_pair.rst

   To register your development email account, complete Google's device proposal form.
   You can find the link to the device proposal form in the `Fast Pair Find My Device Network extension`_ specification.

.. _ug_bt_fast_pair_provisioning_register_hex_generation:

Provisioning registration data onto device
==========================================

The Fast Pair standard requires provisioning the device with Model ID and Anti-Spoofing Private Key obtained during device model registration.
In the |NCS|, the provisioning data is generated as a hexadecimal file using the :ref:`bt_fast_pair_provision_script`.

> When building Fast Pair in the |NCS|, the build system can be configured to automatically handle the Fast Pair provisioning process during the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building Fast Pair in the |NCS|, you can configure the build system to automatically handle the Fast Pair provisioning process during the build.
```

For more information about defining Partition Manager partitions, see the :ref:`Configuration <pm_configuration>` section of the :ref:`partition_manager` page.

.. note::
   The Fast Pair partition is only recognized by the build system when it is defined in the main (default) application domain.
   For example, defining partition in the CPUNET domain for nRF53 targets does not work.

Partition definition using the Devicetree (DTS)
-----------------------------------------------

For devices that do not support :ref:`partition_manager`, you must declare the ``bt_fast_pair_partition`` partition manually in the devicetree.
Currently, the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` is the only device that requires manual partition definition.
To see how to do this, refer to the example in the :file:`samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/input_device/boards/nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20_cpuapp.overlay` file.

.. note::
   The Fast Pair partition is only recognized by the build system when it is defined in the main (default) application image.

>    For example, defining partition in the non-default IPC Radio image for nRF54H targets does not work.

Author: that's right

>    For example, defining partition in the non-default IPC Radio image for nRF54H targets does not work.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we remove `For example, defining partition in the non-default IPC Radio image for nRF54H targets does not work.` then? I am worried it might be misleading

>    For example, defining partition in the non-default IPC Radio image for nRF54H targets does not work.

Reviewer 2: Seems updated already.

Sysbuild Kconfig configuration and provisioning data generation
---------------------------------------------------------------

To generate a hexadecimal file with the Fast Pair provisioning data during the build, you must use the default |NCS| build system configuration with sysbuild and set the following sysbuild Kconfig options:

* ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_MODEL_ID`` - Fast Pair Model ID in format ``0xXXXXXX``.
* ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_ANTI_SPOOFING_PRIVATE_KEY`` - base64-encoded Fast Pair Anti-Spoofing Private Key.

See :ref:`zephyr:sysbuild` for detailed information on how to configure the sysbuild Kconfig options.

.. note::
   The Anti-Spoofing Private Key is confidential and must be handled securely.

>    It is recommended to store this key securely outside the code repository and pass it to the project as an additional build parameter (with the ``-DSB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_ANTI_SPOOFING_PRIVATE_KEY`` parameter).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   It is recommended to store this key securely outside the code repository and either pass it to the project as an additional build parameter (with the ``-DSB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_ANTI_SPOOFING_PRIVATE_KEY`` parameter) or use a separate setup to provision devices.
```

   You can find the link to the device proposal form in the `Fast Pair Find My Device Network extension`_ specification.

.. _ug_bt_fast_pair_provisioning_register_hex_generation:

Provisioning registration data onto device
==========================================

The Fast Pair standard requires provisioning the device with Model ID and Anti-Spoofing Private Key obtained during device model registration.
In the |NCS|, the provisioning data is generated as a hexadecimal file using the :ref:`bt_fast_pair_provision_script`.

When building Fast Pair in the |NCS|, you can configure the build system to automatically handle the Fast Pair provisioning process during the build.
If this feature is enabled, the build system calls the Fast Pair provision script.
It then includes the resulting hexadecimal file in the final firmware that you can flash onto the device.

For further details on how to configure the automatic Fast Pair provisioning in your project configuration, see the following subsections.

Partition definition
--------------------

The Fast Pair provisioning data is stored on the dedicated Fast Pair partition.

> To properly define this partition, you must rely on the provisioning tool that is supported by your target device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To properly define this partition, you must rely on the partitioning tool that is supported by your target device.
```

The specific description for each partitioning tool is provided in the following subsections.

> Partition definition using the Partition Manager (PM)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Partition Manager (PM)
```

For devices that support :ref:`partition_manager`, the system also automatically creates the ``bt_fast_pair`` partition.
The partition is defined in the :file:`subsys/partition_manager/pm.yml.bt_fast_pair` file.
The :ref:`fast_pair_input_device` sample follows this approach.

.. note::
   The dynamic generation of the ``bt_fast_pair`` partition definition is only supported if you enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option in your application image.

Alternatively, the Fast Pair partition can be defined manually in the application's configuration file.
To see how to do this, refer to the example in the :file:`samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/locator_tag/configuration/pm_static_nrf52840dk_nrf52840.yml` file which is a part of the :ref:`fast_pair_locator_tag` sample.
For more information about defining Partition Manager partitions, see the :ref:`Configuration <pm_configuration>` section of the :ref:`partition_manager` page.

.. note::
   The Fast Pair partition can be provisioned by the build system only if it is defined in the main (default) application domain.
   For example, defining partition in the CPUNET domain for nRF53 targets is not supported.

> Partition definition using the Devicetree (DTS)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Devicetree (DTS)
```

Currently, the :ref:`zephyr:nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20` is the only device that requires manual partition definition.
To see how to do this, refer to the example in the :file:`samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/input_device/boards/nrf54h20dk_nrf54h20_cpuapp.overlay` file.

> To generate a hexadecimal file with the Fast Pair provisioning data during the build run, you must use the default |NCS| build system configuration with sysbuild and set the following sysbuild Kconfig options:

Author: I created a dedicated section

> To generate a hexadecimal file with the Fast Pair provisioning data during the build run, you must use the default |NCS| build system configuration with sysbuild and set the following sysbuild Kconfig options:

Author: The general section "Provisioning registration data onto device" contains more of a high-level overview of what is described in this section. Its subsections contain more specific information regarding the actionable steps

> * ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_MODEL_ID`` - Fast Pair Model ID in format ``0xXXXXXX``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_MODEL_ID`` - Fast Pair Model ID in format ``0xXXXXXX``.
```

> * ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_ANTI_SPOOFING_PRIVATE_KEY`` - base64-encoded Fast Pair Anti-Spoofing Private Key.

Author: fixed

> The Fast Pair partition address is provided automatically by the build system.

Author: modified

.. note::

>    The Fast Pair partition is only recognized by the sysbuild code when it is defined in the main project domain.

Reviewer 2: Isn't this part specific to the Partition Manager?

Author: The are small nuances here and there. I can move it to dedicated sections.

https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/cmake/sysbuild/fast_pair/hex.cmake#L89

```
  sysbuild_dt_nodelabel(
    bt_fast_pair_partition_node_full_path
    IMAGE
    ${DEFAULT_IMAGE}
    NODELABEL
    "${fp_partition_name}"
    )
```

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if we should go into more details here. Maybe let's leave it as is, but change `project` to `application` (as we refer to `DEFAULT_IMAGE`)?

>    For example, the CPUNET domain in the case of nRF53 Series does not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, the CPUNET domain if the nRF53 Series device does not work.
```

Author: This is wrong. The point of this sentence is that you cannot define the FP partition in the CPUNET domain. I added extra words to improve the readability

>    For example, the CPUNET domain in the case of nRF53 Series does not work.

Author: The CPUNET never works currently. Even if you have the IPC radio as your main default application image it will still end up in the CPUNET domain

For example, when building an application with the |nRFVSC|, you need to add the following parameters in the **Extra CMake arguments** field on the **Add Build Configuration view**: ``-DSB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_MODEL_ID=0xFFFFFF -DSB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_ANTI_SPOOFING_PRIVATE_KEY=\"AbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbA=\"``.
Make sure to replace ``0xFFFFFF`` and ``AbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbAbA=`` with values obtained for your device.

> Apart from passing the Fast Pair sysbuild Kconfig options as additional build parameters, these options can also be supplied to the build system with the following alternative methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from passing the Fast Pair sysbuild Kconfig options as additional build parameters, you can also supply these options to the build system with the following alternative methods:
```

> * A project configuration file for modifying the sysbuild configuration (:file:`sysbuild.conf`).

Author: agree, removed most of the content as the parameter is now passed in the standard way (using Kconfig options).

* A default redefinition in the project Kconfig file for sysbuild (:file:`Kconfig.sysbuild`).

.. note::
   The Anti-Spoofing Private Key is confidential and must be handled securely.
   It is recommended to store this key securely outside the code repository and pass it to the project as an additional build parameter (with the ``-DSB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_ANTI_SPOOFING_PRIVATE_KEY`` parameter).

If the provisioning data generation is triggered successfully, the ``SB_CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PROV_DATA`` Kconfig option is set in the project sysbuild configuration.

> The Fast Pair provisioning data is automatically merged with the final hexadecimal output from the build command (:file:`merged.hex`) and is uploaded on your target device with the `west flash` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Fast Pair provisioning data is automatically merged with the final hexadecimal output from the build command (:file:`merged.hex`) and is uploaded on your target device with the ``west flash`` command.
```

Enabling Fast Pair in Kconfig
=============================

> To support Google Fast Pair in your project, you must enable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option at the main application image level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support Google Fast Pair in your project, you must enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR` Kconfig option at the main application image level.
```

.. note::

>    The Fast Pair Kconfig configuration at the sysbuild level is only used to generate the Fast Pair provisioning data hex file during the build run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Fast Pair Kconfig configuration at the sysbuild level is only used to generate the Fast Pair provisioning data hex file during the build.
```

Reviewer 2: Consider mentioning here also that the provisioning is automatically merged with the `merged.hex` file (to provide complete information)

Author: I cannot possibly copy all the sentences from the previous sections. I already provided this information in the relevant section. You have a ref link here. This section is about setting Fast Pair Kconfigs. Why should we describe the hex upload process here?
